docs(configuration): add a missing option (#2810)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

T> When using the [`ExtractTextWebpackPlugin`](/plugins/extract-text-webpack-plugin), use `[contenthash]` to obtain a hash of the extracted file (neither `[hash]` nor `[chunkhash]` work).

## `output.globalObject`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`string: 'window'`

```

> When targeting a library, especially the `libraryTarget` is `'umd'`, this option indicates what global object will be used to mount the library. Default value is `'window'`. If you want to make your UMD build available on both browsers and Node.js, you should set this option to `'this'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When targeting a library, especially the `libraryTarget` is `'umd'`, this option indicates what global object will be used to mount the library. To make UMD build available on both browsers and Node.js, set `output.globalObject` option to `'this'`.
```
